after these things when the rough of
after these things when the rough of king ahasuerus subsided he remembered
king ahasuerus subsided he remembered
king ahasuerus subsided he remembered Vashti what she had done and what had
Vashti what she had done and what had
Vashti what she had done and what had been decreed against her then the king's
been decreed against her then the king's
been decreed against her then the king's servants who attended him said let
servants who attended him said let
servants who attended him said let beautiful young virgins be sought for
beautiful young virgins be sought for
beautiful young virgins be sought for the king and let the King appoint
the king and let the King appoint
the king and let the King appoint officers in all the provinces of his
officers in all the provinces of his
officers in all the provinces of his kingdom that they may gather all the
kingdom that they may gather all the
kingdom that they may gather all the beautiful young virgins to xuxa and the
beautiful young virgins to xuxa and the
beautiful young virgins to xuxa and the Citadel into the women's quarters under
Citadel into the women's quarters under
Citadel into the women's quarters under the custody of he guy the Kings eunuch
the custody of he guy the Kings eunuch
the custody of he guy the Kings eunuch custodian of the women and let beauty
custodian of the women and let beauty
custodian of the women and let beauty preparations be given them then let the
preparations be given them then let the
preparations be given them then let the young woman who pleases the King be
young woman who pleases the King be
young woman who pleases the King be queen instead of Vashti this thing
queen instead of Vashti this thing
queen instead of Vashti this thing pleased the king and he did so in
pleased the king and he did so in
pleased the king and he did so in Shushan the citadel there was a certain
Shushan the citadel there was a certain
Shushan the citadel there was a certain Jew whose name was Mordecai the son of
Jew whose name was Mordecai the son of
Jew whose name was Mordecai the son of jr. the son of shimmy I the son of Kish
jr. the son of shimmy I the son of Kish
jr. the son of shimmy I the son of Kish a Benjamite Kish had been carried away
a Benjamite Kish had been carried away
a Benjamite Kish had been carried away from Jerusalem with the captives who are
from Jerusalem with the captives who are
from Jerusalem with the captives who are being captured with Jeconiah king of
being captured with Jeconiah king of
being captured with Jeconiah king of Judah whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of
Judah whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of
Judah whom Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away and Mordecai
Babylon had carried away and Mordecai
Babylon had carried away and Mordecai had brought up Hadassah that is Esther
had brought up Hadassah that is Esther
had brought up Hadassah that is Esther his uncle's daughter
his uncle's daughter
his uncle's daughter for she had neither father nor mother
for she had neither father nor mother
for she had neither father nor mother the young woman was lovely and beautiful
the young woman was lovely and beautiful
the young woman was lovely and beautiful when her father and mother died
when her father and mother died
when her father and mother died Mordechai took her as his own daughter
Mordechai took her as his own daughter
Mordechai took her as his own daughter so it was when the Kings command and
so it was when the Kings command and
so it was when the Kings command and decree were heard and when many young
decree were heard and when many young
decree were heard and when many young women were gathered to xuxa on the
women were gathered to xuxa on the
women were gathered to xuxa on the Citadel under the custody of he guy that
Citadel under the custody of he guy that
Citadel under the custody of he guy that Esther also was taken to the king's
Esther also was taken to the king's
Esther also was taken to the king's palace into the care of he guy the
palace into the care of he guy the
palace into the care of he guy the custodian of the women now the young
custodian of the women now the young
custodian of the women now the young woman pleased him and she obtained his
woman pleased him and she obtained his
woman pleased him and she obtained his favor so he readily gave Beauty
favor so he readily gave Beauty
favor so he readily gave Beauty preparations to her besides her
preparations to her besides her
preparations to her besides her allowance then seven choice maid
allowance then seven choice maid
allowance then seven choice maid servants were provided for her from the
servants were provided for her from the
servants were provided for her from the king's palace and he moved her and her
king's palace and he moved her and her
king's palace and he moved her and her maid servants to the best place in the
maid servants to the best place in the
maid servants to the best place in the house of the women Esther had not
house of the women Esther had not
house of the women Esther had not revealed her people or family for
revealed her people or family for
revealed her people or family for Mordecai had charged her not to reveal
Mordecai had charged her not to reveal
Mordecai had charged her not to reveal it and every day Mordecai paced in front
it and every day Mordecai paced in front
it and every day Mordecai paced in front of the court of the women's quarters to
of the court of the women's quarters to
of the court of the women's quarters to learn of Esther's welfare and what was
learn of Esther's welfare and what was
learn of Esther's welfare and what was happening to her each young woman's turn
happening to her each young woman's turn
happening to her each young woman's turn came to go in to King Ahasuerus after
came to go in to King Ahasuerus after
came to go in to King Ahasuerus after she had completed 12 months preparation
she had completed 12 months preparation
she had completed 12 months preparation according to the regulation for the
according to the regulation for the
according to the regulation for the women for thus were the days of their
women for thus were the days of their
women for thus were the days of their preparation apportioned six months with
preparation apportioned six months with
preparation apportioned six months with oil of myrrh and six months with
oil of myrrh and six months with
oil of myrrh and six months with perfumes and preparations for
perfumes and preparations for
perfumes and preparations for beautifying women
[Music]
[Music] thus prepared each young woman went to
thus prepared each young woman went to
thus prepared each young woman went to the king and she was given whatever she
the king and she was given whatever she
the king and she was given whatever she desired to take with her from the
desired to take with her from the
desired to take with her from the women's quarters to the king's palace in
women's quarters to the king's palace in
women's quarters to the king's palace in the evening she went and in the morning
the evening she went and in the morning
the evening she went and in the morning she returned to the second house of the
she returned to the second house of the
she returned to the second house of the women to the custody of Shay ash cos the
women to the custody of Shay ash cos the
women to the custody of Shay ash cos the Kings eunuch who kept the concubines she
Kings eunuch who kept the concubines she
Kings eunuch who kept the concubines she would not go to the King again unless
would not go to the King again unless
would not go to the King again unless the King delighted in her and called for
the King delighted in her and called for
the King delighted in her and called for her by name but when the turn came for
her by name but when the turn came for
her by name but when the turn came for Esther the daughter of Abby hail the
Esther the daughter of Abby hail the
Esther the daughter of Abby hail the uncle of Mordecai who had taken her as
uncle of Mordecai who had taken her as
uncle of Mordecai who had taken her as his daughter to go into the king she
his daughter to go into the king she
his daughter to go into the king she requested nothing but what he guy the
requested nothing but what he guy the
requested nothing but what he guy the Kings eunuch the custodian of the women
Kings eunuch the custodian of the women
Kings eunuch the custodian of the women advised and Esther obtained favor in the
advised and Esther obtained favor in the
advised and Esther obtained favor in the sight of all who saw her
sight of all who saw her
sight of all who saw her [Music]
[Music]
[Music] so Esther was taken to King Ahasuerus
so Esther was taken to King Ahasuerus
so Esther was taken to King Ahasuerus into his royal palace in the tenth month
into his royal palace in the tenth month
into his royal palace in the tenth month which is the month of T birth in the
which is the month of T birth in the
which is the month of T birth in the seventh year of his reign the King loved
seventh year of his reign the King loved
seventh year of his reign the King loved Esther more than all the other women and
Esther more than all the other women and
Esther more than all the other women and she obtained Grace and favor in his
she obtained Grace and favor in his
she obtained Grace and favor in his sight more than all the virgins so he
sight more than all the virgins so he
sight more than all the virgins so he set the royal crown upon her head and
set the royal crown upon her head and
set the royal crown upon her head and made her Queen instead of Vashti then
made her Queen instead of Vashti then
made her Queen instead of Vashti then the King made a great feast the feast of
the King made a great feast the feast of
the King made a great feast the feast of Esther for all his officials and
Esther for all his officials and
Esther for all his officials and servants and he proclaimed a holiday in
servants and he proclaimed a holiday in
servants and he proclaimed a holiday in the provinces and gave gifts according
the provinces and gave gifts according
the provinces and gave gifts according to the generosity of a king when virgins
to the generosity of a king when virgins
to the generosity of a king when virgins were gathered together a second time
were gathered together a second time
were gathered together a second time Mordecai sat within the Kings gate now
Mordecai sat within the Kings gate now
Mordecai sat within the Kings gate now Esther had not revealed her family and
Esther had not revealed her family and
Esther had not revealed her family and her people just as Mordecai had charged
her people just as Mordecai had charged
her people just as Mordecai had charged her for Esther obeyed the command of
her for Esther obeyed the command of
her for Esther obeyed the command of Mordecai as when she was brought up by
Mordecai as when she was brought up by
Mordecai as when she was brought up by him
him
him in those days while mordecai sat within
in those days while mordecai sat within
in those days while mordecai sat within the Kings gate two of the king's eunuchs
the Kings gate two of the king's eunuchs
the Kings gate two of the king's eunuchs big fan and tarish doorkeepers became
big fan and tarish doorkeepers became
big fan and tarish doorkeepers became furious and sought to lay hands on King
furious and sought to lay hands on King
furious and sought to lay hands on King Ahasuerus
Ahasuerus
Ahasuerus so the matter became known to Mordecai
so the matter became known to Mordecai
so the matter became known to Mordecai who told Queen Esther and Esther
who told Queen Esther and Esther
who told Queen Esther and Esther informed the king in Mordecai's name and
informed the king in Mordecai's name and
informed the king in Mordecai's name and when an inquiry was made into the matter
when an inquiry was made into the matter
when an inquiry was made into the matter it was confirmed and both were hanged on
it was confirmed and both were hanged on
it was confirmed and both were hanged on a gallows and it was written in the book
a gallows and it was written in the book
a gallows and it was written in the book of The Chronicles in the presence of the
of The Chronicles in the presence of the
of The Chronicles in the presence of the king
king
king [Music]